Name: Anton Beny M S

Roll No: ME23B015

Hobbies: Watching Sports, Playing Video Games

Programming experience: Worked with Python, Rust, C++, Java, Julia, Shell Scripting.
    Libraries that I have worked with include numpy, pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pytorch.

Favorite Language: Rust

1. Ever since lockdown, I have been greatly interested in all things related to computers... 
   such as Operating Systems, Video Games, and of course, Programming. 
   I enjoy learning new things. Even this application was a great learning experience 
   as I learnt a lot more about Python, and also about the general structure of a 
   large scale open-source project.

2. I really wanted to contribute to open-source projects, however I had no idea how to start.
   But, I beleive that this project will be a very helpful start for me so that I would be able 
   to use my skills to contribute to open-source projects. Trying the Good First Issue was a 
   great experience for me, and I am sure that I will be able to learn a lot more by working 
   on this project.

   This year, I am part of the Programming Club Team as a Coordinator and I am sure that I 
   will be able to manage both these responsibilities effectively.

3. I am pretty comfortable with Python, Rust, and C++. I have also worked with Git and GitHub 
   for a while now. I have built a couple of small induvidual projects in Python:

    - r3geX-fsm: A simple regex engine using Finite State Machines. 
        {https://github.com/r3kste/r3geX-fsm}
    - rrt: A simple implementation of Rapidly-exploring Random Trees for path planning. I used 
        matplotlib in this project for plotting the environments and the path. {https://github.com/r3kste/rrt}

    Both of these helped me to learn about OOP in Python. However, I have not worked on a large 
    scale collaborative project like matplotlib, for which I am sure that this project will be a great start.

    Apart from this, I also do competitive programming using Rust and C++. I have also participated 
    in a couple of hackathons hosted by AI Club.

4. A few interesting things about myself:

    - I know around three times more programming languages than I know spoken languages.
    - I learnt linux, git, vim, latex when I was in high school, so that I could flex on my friends.
    - My birthdate (when represented in dd/mm/yy) is an arithmetic progression.
    - Me (and both my roommates) almost missed an EndSem exam (we woke up at 8:52, the exam was at 9:00)
